# Highschool Projects
2016 was the begginig of my senior year (12ยบ in Portugal) and it was when I first started to learn how to code in school, by doing projects. In this repository are those projects, the first lines of code that I wrote, combined with the respective project report (in portuguese).   

* ### Gravitational Interaction Simulator
    The main goal of this project was to code and build an app that could simulate the motion,  generated by the gravitational interaction, between 2 bodies with mass. It was built in Visual Studio, in C#, to facilitate the graphical portion of the project. What I most like in the development of this app was really translating all the theoretical work into code and to see the actual drawings to move like 2 gravitacional bodies was the most rewardful.   

* ### Endica App
    With little experience in coding and programming, I dived into an Android App, to help my
fellow colleagues, so they can see where the next physical education class is. In spite of trying to go with an hybrid app, it didn't go as planned, and I turned to native Android Development, with Android Studio being the IDE. Besides learning Java, this app forced me to learn communication widget-app (though I never using it), how to design an app that looks good in all screen sizes and communication  app-XML documents. Currently, this app is in Google Play Store, by the name [Endica](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.serralheiro.indica.app) and actually being used in my Highschool.  

* ### Genetic Algorithm
    And for the final project of 2016-2017 I thought, build and developed a genetic algorithm that could solve mazes, with a limited size range. It was also in Visual Studio, C#, because the main point in this project was the algorithm, the Visual Studio was chosen for the graphical output visualization, because it was the IDE I was, at the time, best acquainted.

# In Conclusion
This first projects were my first contact with programming. In my opinion, I had the best first contact I could ask, because it was project-based, very pratical, and it thought how to be autonomous and learn any language or IDE on my own. The code it's still very _noob_, but it is important to my career as a programmer to notice evolution and improvement every day, that's why they're here,
